Feat188 patterns weaves (#192)
federated-research/docs: website/pages/five_safes_tes.mdx

## Core Functionality

> **Five Safes TES** implements a Weave for the secure, remote execution of [GA4GH TES analyses](/standards#global-alliance-for-genomics-and-health-ga4gh) in Trusted Research Environments (TREs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Five Safes TES** implements the HDR UK Federation Weave for the secure, remote execution of [GA4GH TES analyses](/standards#global-alliance-for-genomics-and-health-ga4gh) in Trusted Research Environments (TREs).
```

not sure if you want to inline it like this, but while reading I found myself going "ok, it implements a weave, but which one?"

Possibly also worth a link either to the current weave identities table, or the waves page generally, or a specific page for HDR UK Federation weave (like the weave page for e.g. Discovery)
